For Ember Times No. 131: EmberConf Announcement with the Power of Debugging (#497)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-01-17-the-ember-times-issue-131.md

---

## [Master powerful debugging strategies at EmberConf 💻](https://emberconf.com/#/speakers/samanta-de-barros)

You've undoubtedly heard her talk about [creating progressive web applications with Ember](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR1Tk_bwmZo)
and [bulletproof addon testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31kVznd-zys) before, but now [Samanta de Barros (@sdebarros)](https://github.com/sdebarros)
shares even more useful knowledge with you that is crucial for any professional JavaScript developer.

At [this year's EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/) she's going to teach us about [**The Power of Debugging**](https://emberconf.com/#/speakers/samanta-de-barros); which tools we can use to track down bugs swiftly both in development and production environments and how we find our way around Ember's architecture while doing so.

In an exclusive interview with The Ember Times, Samanta shares with us, what makes debugging tools and strategies so powerful when developing Ember applications:

> <!--alex ignore fear-->

Author: ```suggestion
<!--alex ignore fear just-->
```

What's our experience like when we start to learn more about debugging strategies? Here, Samanta can share from both her own experience and from those she worked together with:

> When you are pairing with someone or you’re trying to solve an issue, you often run into something and it makes people go like: “Oh, that’s interesting!” When I’ve seen other people’s talks or see them working, I see that they have some tips about things that I don’t know about yet and that’s cool! You realise that there are a lot of tools that make working with the frontend easier.
>
> People who learn more about debugging usually say: “Oh yeah, that’s cool, that really simplifies these tasks I need to do” or “Oh, I didn’t know you could find that information there in the app.”

EmberConf is a unique experience, that you and your team should definitely not miss out on. Samanta shares her perspective on what makes the conference
so outstanding:

> > I think it’s a different experience when you go to a conference as a speaker or as attendee. When you just go to listen to the talks, you get a lot of inspiration, you discover things that people are you doing that you might not do yet and it sparks something in you that makes you want to learn something new or improve something in your job. […]

Author: ```suggestion
<!--alex ignore just-->
> I think it’s a different experience when you go to a conference as a speaker or as attendee. When you just go to listen to the talks, you get a lot of inspiration, you discover things that people are you doing that you might not do yet and it sparks something in you that makes you want to learn something new or improve something in your job. […]
```

@chilicoder also mentioned to check out the [Ember telegram channel](https://t.me/ember_js), moderated by [Alex Kanunnikov (@lifeart)](https://github.com/lifeart). It's one of the best ways to get help with **Ember in Russian**, and they welcome everyone to join! Thank you both for your help in fostering the Russian Ember community!

---

## [Master powerful debugging strategies at EmberConf 💻](https://emberconf.com/#/speakers/samanta-de-barros)

You've undoubtedly heard her talk about [creating progressive web applications with Ember](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR1Tk_bwmZo)
and [bulletproof addon testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31kVznd-zys) before, but now [Samanta de Barros (@sdebarros)](https://github.com/sdebarros)

> shares even more useful knowledge with you that is crucial for any professional JavaScript developer.

Reviewer: I might switch the order so that "that" can point to knowledge more easily?
```suggestion
is ready to share more useful knowledge that is crucial for any professional JavaScript developer.
```

> At [this year's EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/) she's going to teach us about [**The Power of Debugging**](https://emberconf.com/#/speakers/samanta-de-barros); which tools we can use to track down bugs swiftly both in development and production environments and how we find our way around Ember's architecture while doing so.

Reviewer: I'd continue using "you" here:
```suggestion
At [this year's EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/) she's going to teach us about [**The Power of Debugging**](https://emberconf.com/#/speakers/samanta-de-barros); which tools you can use to track down bugs swiftly in development and production environments, and how you can find your way around Ember's architecture while doing so.
```

>
> I also think that when you start looking at other people’s code it is hard at first, but after a while you lose the fear of seeing these complex frameworks, you get a better idea of everything and you start to realise - it’s just JavaScript in the end. So I think debugging techniques are good for finding bugs and demystifying frameworks.

What's our experience like when we start to learn more about debugging strategies? Here, Samanta can share from both her own experience and from those she worked together with:

> When you are pairing with someone or you’re trying to solve an issue, you often run into something and it makes people go like: “Oh, that’s interesting!” When I’ve seen other people’s talks or see them working, I see that they have some tips about things that I don’t know about yet and that’s cool! You realise that there are a lot of tools that make working with the frontend easier.
>
> People who learn more about debugging usually say: “Oh yeah, that’s cool, that really simplifies these tasks I need to do” or “Oh, I didn’t know you could find that information there in the app.”

> EmberConf is a unique experience, that you and your team should definitely not miss out on. Samanta shares her perspective on what makes the conference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EmberConf is a unique experience, one that you and your team should definitely not miss out on. Samanta shares her perspective on what makes the conference
```
